HTCONDOR-3008 cgroup named with slice service (#3341)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/admin-manual/ep-policy-configuration.rst

This configuration variable defaults to ``False``, thus the use of per
job PID namespaces is disabled by default.

.. _resource_limits_with_cgroups:

Cgroup Based Process Tracking
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

:index:`cgroup based process tracking`

> Linux version 2.6.24 introduced kernel control groups, called cgroups

Reviewer: You date cgroups v1 by the Linux kernel version number and cgroups v2 by the first RHEL to support it.  The latter is probably of more interest to our audience; consider being consistent about this, or just dropping the introduction date entirely, e.g., "All supported Linux platforms support kernel control groups v1; most (starting with Enterprise Linux 8) also support cgroups v2."

Author: +1

at the time, and now called cgroups v1, with the introduction of a 

> second version as of Enterprise Linux 8. This allows  HTCondor to more accurately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
second version as of Enterprise Linux 8. This allows HTCondor to more accurately
```
?

system, and the only remaining item is to set configuration variable
:macro:`BASE_CGROUP`, as described below.

Cgroup V2 Support
'''''''''''''''''

On Linux systems with cgroup v2 support, the *condor_starter* will put
each job in it's own cgroup, and, by default, set the memory limit
of the cgroup to the memory provisioned by slot, which is usually
the amount requested by the job, perhaps rounded up.

This is not something an administrator usually needs to worry about,
but it does mean that jobs can be monitored with the standard cgroup V2
tools, like system-cgtop.

By default, HTCondor zeroes out the swap memory limit for the job cgroup,
because if the job reaches the physical memory limit, and starts paging,
it will get very slow, and can slow down the system.  The administrator
can configure HTCondor not to do so, by setting 
:macro:`DISABLE_SWAP_FOR_JOB` to false.

> HTCondor configures cgroupv2 so that any job can further subdivide the memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTCondor configures cgroup v2 so that any job can further subdivide the memory
```
?

permissions on the slice so that the job can make subdirectories, and thus
sub-cgroups of the job under the slice, and move processes into those sub-cgroups,
without violating the kernel's rules about cgroup membership.  However, the
permissions on the resource limits are set so that the job cannot change them.

The Unix process of the job do not live in the slice, but rather in the
"scope" cgroup, which is a child of the slice.  This is a leaf node, 
so the job should never try to make a sub-cgroup of the scope.  This
naming mimics the naming convention of systemd, but it is HTCondor, not systemd
which creates and manages this cgroups.

.. mermaid::
    :caption: Cgroup V2 Organization for jobs
    :align: center

    flowchart TD
      starter("`Cgroup 
                of 
                condor_starter`")
      job_scope("`Cgroup
                  for
                  job scope`")
      job_slice("`Cgroup
                  for
                  job slice`")
      starter -->  job_scope
      job_scope --> job_slice
      style starter fill:pink
      style job_scope fill:lightgreen
      style job_slice fill:lightgreen

> In the diagram above, the starter's cgroup is red, as it is not modifiably by 

Reviewer: The mermaid says "pink", rather than red?

Author: "Red" was too dark for the text on top of it.
